bugs
----
three dots in lava
barrel explodes on wrong level
pushing barrel into lower level should be visible
pushing barrel into lower level chasm?
some pixel corruption on the warning popups sometimes
outline player when behind bushes
do not allow the player to land in an enclosed area; climb? digging / blind jump/ emergency teleport
need to ask if you want to kick over a brazier
no bridges across the center

features
--------
bushes quiver when monster is behind?
damaged door visuals
slow fireball
mobs generating monsters
monst AI
ghosts and walls
score is hard coded to 666
kobalos need to steal items
traps
anti magic areas
anti anti magic areas
items hiding in bushes 
ogyr (celtic)
boulders that can crush
door mimic
sacrifice a leg / soul to progress
sacrifices are to Gods
sacrificed an arm to a god of fire, would you get a spectral arm of fire with fire damage bonus as replacement
different parts sacrificed to different gods.
most players would need to sacrifice something in order to get past the first half of the game
eyes of ice, heart of fire
7 chakras

story
-----
You are a dark wizard, once powerful but cast out of your realm by
the slightly darker wizard <insert name here>

Your aim is to relaim the dungeon of Gorget, defeating on the way
the other lesser, yellow, green and red wizards that stand in your way.

Fight hoards of enemies, but keep them at a distance, as you are
physically weak. Use spells, missiles and summon allies each level
to assist you.

- Allies vanish each level and the life force is returned to you
- Some allies can be posted as permanent sentries on a level; still
  not sure how this could be used
- The game is turn based, but missiles can only travel N tiles per
  game move. So A missile might only travel half way down a hall
  in one move, before completing its journey the next move. This
  allows you to fire a volley of shots. It also introduces the chance
  of missing and avoiding enemy shots.
- Life force can be applied to the summoning of allies each level.
  Each ally that dies in-level, is a permanent loss of life force.
  Hence you need to balance how many allies to summon with the chance
  of permanent loss.
- Allies will follow you around and defend you; also thinking you
  can set an ally with a basic programmed task - explore/defend/attack
- Enemy souls can be harvested to add to your life force. Thinking
  of a pacman like blue ghost you need to hunt down. Only applies to
  living beings that are toasted.
- Alternative turn based idea is that the dungeon will force a move
  after say 10 seconds. Gradually this will increase in speed until
  the monsters are moving almost real time.

